Exercise 3a)

There are obviously many reasons for why we design on paper. Now I'll mention two that 
I think are important "business-wise":

First, it can help save a lot of time and money (as time is money). It's cost-effective!
In the early stages of the design process, you might not know exactly what you want
and/or how you want things to look like; you want to create a few or a lot of different
examples. Imagine you wanted to make a few prototype ideas the quickest possible way; 
using a pen and paper where I can make changes and different versions/iterating in a few minutes would be 
a lot quicker, as opposed to digitally creating it.

Secondly, pen and paper allows for more creativity. The ink in the pen and the amount of space on your piece of paper
are the only limitations you have (other than your capacity for creativity). You can allow your imagination
and creativity to 'spread its wings'. In contrast, you might have a really cool idea that you don't really know how
to represent digitally. If you know how you imagine the idea(s) to look, on paper you can just draw them out,
whilst digitally you are not already using more time because you are doing things digitally; but in addition,
you might have to spend a lot of time figuring out HOW to recreate your vision with the digital tools that are available. 


Exercise 3b)

I'll respond shorter here, as I don't think there's that much explanation of each "mention" required here. 

1. You have to consider the laws. In Norway for example, that would be following the guidelines of 'uutilsynet'. 
2. You know that there will be many websites that run on old versions of code, and you want to make sure 
that your code can be read by those engines as well. 
3. You have to think about 'close to everyone'. There are people who have visual impairments: so you want 
your color contrasts to follow some color-theory, your images to have an alternative text for those who need to use
a screen reader to understand the content of the images they cannot see, and for example text transcripts for your 
video contents for those who don't have optimal hearing abilities. (From a business perspective; you risk losing out
on a large portion of potential customers if they cannot easily access your website and understand its content).




